Click here to introduce this time is Adel Today
The last of the first lot Kamen Rider series Kamen Rider Takeshi & Heisei Rider Machines Hen
Wansho
Kamen Rider Machines Kamen Rider Kuuga
It is a tiger first place now in front police head version
Hanai chan
Yes The last one that came about when we bought all of this first lot for half at 300 yen before
Yes it is a prize
That's not the case with the poor ch version of the Tri Chaser 2000
I do not know when I could
Yes Here is the earliest I'm cool contained in this little black box is a package
There a maximum speed of 300 km value ordering
Gururuto is a neck
I wonder if it is good or is the figure of the regular version rider regular employee here
The
Even if the package it This is a special treatment feeling great
Well then let's open it
By the way the policy and version of this sky is
5 bet that why that Kedomo I was Tsu not know the mind in
Because of it I have not seen in kudzu months Mt real-time began to see in real time, such from Agito
There's a bit of a lack of information about the puller, though
This Ne Toraji's line that there is no cherry-san and beat g Now which way in from Remember me earlier
It has already started
When I saw this
Lightning production and b and c are ahead
Certainly because the beat chaser was after Trichaser that police head bar ahead
John is
It is time when we cooperated with the police that police ess version was
Though it became rising Mighty and thought to field number slope waterfall ,
I thought this was not a rising Mighty and I searched for it earlier
Yes I checked it and I checked it
This Polyset version Try Chaser 2000 and Polyset version Kuuga
When but it was the first time Tri-small
It seems to be a motorcycle handed over by Ichijo
I did not remember until then there
That is why let's open
Po Li fit version of the tiger old man who knew everyone
Together
Four days
Dawn Mars
Ha
Oh oh oh
Colonel moves
oo hey Well hey hey sure way to a 3 from the year from which way
It's 0 from the box Yes this is the box I took out the contents though
Even if it says like a cover for a while, I have something like this.
One Maag of Kuuga has entered Yatsudekore
Those that do not decorated
It is such a feeling This
It's not a house, but there was something like this
Then let's open the body
There was
Is it sticking with a tape or so?
Good 04:00
Watashimoeeee and faction
Follow
I knew this
Etchotto parentheses say do it but yes yes
First half
First Tri Chaser 2000 pedestal
It is a clear array
The voice pedestal above this
It feels like a matte that won't turn away
Do you know because there is a back I know
It will be like this feeling if it is understood if it is reflected in light
Yes
Like this on the front of the pedestal, write Kamen Rider Kuuga and Tri Chaser 2000
There is
Is it a normal version not a try chaser? Is it a beat chaser?
It has been little used
Maybe I will think better of the tri-chaser that in So yes we have examined now
that
In the range where I remember my
Coloring that Tri Chaser is Silver and Beat Chaser is Black
It is probably Tri attention three sides by the beat Derby because I think that it was
Yes, let's finally get out the body
added
It might be good
This is amazing Izo Yes
Little is amazing part of this Ne seal bar
Is it blackish or yes
Naa large cool It is a metallic color that feeling of luxury
Yes has become something like
Yes let's set it on the pedestal
I should Toko
Don't enter
Yes
me
No, I got into a pedestal
Or behind to protect the first of Oh 5 draws and I'm dangerous
I was surprised- I thought that I was not really backward looking
Oh I see Yes I mean the portion of this time joint around
I hear
Is not it nice is not it good or and this I clear toilet
Yes It is this bitter there know Bailly
Oh I'm tire tire is firmly painted Yes I like this
I can sleep properly
By the way , compared with the collectible figure of t province
Yes
This is the size of the body is the same, but the size of the head is considerably different
right
Something like this
Yes
I see
I see, i see
15 Yes 66 action also tried to put together
The size of the head stands out a little in comparison with this
Yes Yoisho
Hanari chan
Yes How are you thank you for watching?
The last of the first lot Kamen Rider series Kamen Rider Takeshi & Heisei Rider Machines Hen
dark place
Kamen Rider Kuuga and Tri Chaser 2000 were Poise Head Fur John
Crow box wanted to long Nai each entered Niño
I do not have a sense of premium premium
I 'm hurt even though
This super treatment of Seven Eleven 3 was a bit
I guess it was a little bit boxy but I'm getting hurt
It is a great child loss with pride and wounds Yes
It This 9 it is is such a feeling dressed
It is good to paint the seal bar
It's nice It's cool
That's why again next time bye
Perch